check that we have the basic order information necessary to sync (#55)
DripEmail/magento-m2-extension: CHANGELOG.md

## Next

>  * Guard against synching orders with invalid information. It seems there is a possibility that Magento will hand us an invlid order -- one with no information attached. In this case we simply will not synch the order to Drip from the scheduled job, instead logging an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Guard against syncing orders with invalid information. It seems there is a possibility that Magento will hand us an invalid order -- one with no information attached. In this case we simply will not sync the order to Drip from the scheduled job, instead logging an error.
```
